CNV#34680: RN New virt metric (#71660)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/release_notes/virt-4-15-release-notes.adoc

//CNV-34757: Guest OS console logs are collected by default

//CNV-34680: Metrics update 

> * You can now use the `kubevirt_vm_created_total` metric (Type: Counter) to query the number of VMs created in a specified namespace.

Author: It's not part of the UI or CLI output. Just the type of metric. I went with the formatting in the [existing docs ](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.14/virt/monitoring/virt-prometheus-queries.html#virt-promql-vcpu-metrics_virt-prometheus-queries)

> * You can use the `kubevirt_vm_created_total` metric (Type: Counter) to query the number of VMs that are created in the specified namespace.

Reviewer: `that are created` Perhaps `that were created`

Author: Will it be helpful to link to the [Querying metrics](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/virt/support/monitoring/virt-prometheus-queries.html#about-querying-metrics_virt-prometheus-queries) page in our documentation?

I was thinking we could rewrite the note as:

```suggestion
* You can use Prometheus to monitor the `kubevirt_vm_created_total` metric (Type: Counter). `kubevirt_vm_created_total` returns the total number of VMs created in the specified namespace.
```

Author: Updated the note text

Author: @sradco Updated the text per our conversation on Slack. Please review. Thanks!
